
Suitable accessories for every application

An equipment house according to your wishes

//

All Juno equipment houses can be easily and individually supplemented with practical accessories both . This makes your equipment house a unique piece that is perfectly tailored to your requirements.



1) Raincum pipe set (2 pieces)

The rainfall pipe (5.5 x 5.5 cm) incl. Mounting material is optionally available in suitable RAL colour of the device house. The rainfall pipe in the unit house with a flat roof is standard equipment. 

2) Hose set (2 pieces)

With the optionally available hose set incl. Fastening material you can use the rainwater e.g. directly into a rain barrel.

3) Soil sleep ramp (inside/outside)

With the floor sleeper ramp, wheelbrass, lawn mowers or bicycles can be easily pushed into and out of the equipment house.

4) Glazing

You want natural light in your device house? Then it can be easily supplemented with glazing elements made of 4 mm thick safety glass (ESG) in the walls or doors.

5) Light band

The strip of light is a glazing that is located between the roof and the side walls and allows natural daylight to the appliance house.

6) Soil depth glazing

Floor-deep windows made of 4 mm thick laminated safety glass (VSG) leave plenty of daylight into your appliance house, create a bright and welcoming atmosphere and improve the indoor climate. 

7) Leaves cover

A foliage cover prevents leaves from penetrating into the gutter and clogging it. With this simple solution, you save time and effort, especially in credible environments. The foliage cover is optionally available for tool houses with flat roof and gable roof.


8) Aluminium floor frame

The optional aluminum floor frame incl. Fastening material provides stability and protects against weather conditions and rust. 

9) Steel substructure for floor

The steel substructure incl. Mounting material for the floor provides a stable surface in the equipment house.

10) Screw foundation

With the screw foundation, you can place your equipment house safely and stable on uneven floors without having to worry about an elaborate concrete foundation. 

11) Bike stand horizontal

The bicycle stand is available in various lengths. In addition, the distance of the bracket can be flexibly adjusted to the tyre width. Bicycles weighing up to 40 kg can be parked in the holder.

12) Bicycle stand vertical

Wheels of up to 40 kg can be found in the bracket.

13) Clothes hook

A coat hook provides a practical solution for hanging jackets or other items neatly and handy. Through its simple installation, it creates additional storage space and helps to keep order in the appliance house. The coat hook is part of the standard equipment. 

14) Shelf set

The shelf set consists of two shelves and shelf strips for convenient attachment to the interior walls. The set is standard equipment. 

15) Folding table set incl. Shelf holder set

The folding table set consists of a folding table and shelf strips for practical attachment to the inner walls.

16) Device holder incl. Shelf bar

Always visible and quick: In the practical holder, the tools can be clearly stored. 

17) Shelf shelf (2 pieces)

A shelf strip allows the clear storage of smaller tools, plant accessories or other objects. It creates additional storage space and ensures that frequently used utensils are always at hand and well organized. The shelf strips are standard equipment. 


18) Aluminum floor profiles

Perfectly matched to the appliance house: The floor profiles made of aluminium are available as an option. This keeps the floor stainless and easily removes dirt.


