
Loft doors

A real highlight for your home

//

1) Loft doors by Hörmann ensure transparency and light-flooded spaces in modern industrial style.

The stylish elements made of high-quality steel profiles and large-scale glazing enable the separation of living areas with maximum transparency at the same time – for example, in the transition from living and dining space.

With a particularly narrow profile view and in deep black colour design, the night doors give every living room a modern look in trendy industrial style.






2) Hörmann steel loft doors are available in the following versions:

    Available as a classic revolving door or as a space-saving sliding door
    As 1- or 2-wing doors with and without side panels and skylights or as a glass partition
    Up to an element size of 5000 mm x 4000 mm
    Optionally with angle glass holding strips or particularly narrow glass strips
    Available in deep black matt, 5 preferred colours, RAL of your choice, NCS special colours and textured and pearl effect colours
    11 pusher sets in deep black or stainless steel
    11 rod handles matched to the respective door colour
    4 shell handles in deep black for a modern and minimalist design



Feauteres:


1) Flexibly combinable

The loft doors can be flexibly combined from various elements up to a maximum size of 5 x 4 meters. These include 1- and 2-fly doors, with and without side panels and skylights as well as glass partitions.

2) Retaining bars

Hörmann loft doors are available with angle glass holding strips (right) or for an even more delicate view with glass holding strips Slim (left). Available in deep black matt, 5 preferred colours, RAL of your choice, NCS special colours as well as textured and pearl effect colours.

3) Door handle models

Eleven door handle models are optionally available in deep black and stainless steel for the loft doors.

4) Shell and pole handles

In addition to the door handle models, four shell handles are also available in deep black and eleven pole handle models for the loft doors. The bar handles are colour-matched to the respective door colour.
