
Loft doors made to measure

The right door for every installation situation

//

Loft doors from Hörmann are available in different sizes, tailored to your individual wishes and room requirements. Each loft door is manufactured especially for you. One element can be up to 5000 mm wide and 4000 mm high, so that the doors are also suitable for very large openings and passageways. But smaller elements are also available and can be combined flexibly and shapely.

The exclusive frameless pivot doors set new standards in minimalist door design. This particularly elegant solution is ideal for wide passageways where double-fold doors or doors with side panels are normally used. The door leafs are attached to hinges in the floor as well as to the ceiling or to the lintel and swing on a vertical axis in both directions. This innovative construction allows for maximum transparency and light-flooded spaces, while the filigree glass holding strips set an elegant accent.

You can choose between 1- and 2-wing revolving doors, pivot doors and glass partitions and glass partitions and equip them according to your wishes with additional side panels and skylights.

For maximum living comfort, our high-quality loft doors are equipped with numerous exclusive details. One example is the optional door closer for revolving leaf doors, which closes the door leaf gently and invisibly integrated in the door profile. The optional smart-stop set for 1- and 2-fly sliding doors ensures almost silent closing and safe locking in the final position. With the optional synchronous opening for 2-reducing sliding doors, both door wings glide to the side at the same time.
For optimum door function and an elegant door view, our revolving leaf doors can be individually adjusted thanks to the standard three-dimensionally adjustable roller tapes – in door colour, black or optionally in high-quality stainless steel versions.
An optionally available, lowerable floor seal and an 8 mm clear glass glazing made of laminated safety glass (VSG) ensure improved sound insulation of up to 30 dB.

1) Integrated door closer 
2) 3-Dimensional adjustable straps 
3) Absenable floor seal 



