1) Woodgrain

In the robust surface with faithful saw cut pattern, small scratches can be easily repaired due to the embossing. This interface is available in Traffic white RAL 9016, in
15 preferential colours
or in
RAL by election
. Additionally, in the version VarioDesign individual lamellas in Duragrain or Decorgrain decors. ***
The silk-smooth Silkgrain surface is the first choice in modern architecture thanks to its noble goal view. In addition, the 50% thicker outer sheet gives the slats a higher stability and even better smooth running. This interface is available in white RAL 9016, in 15 preferred colours or in RAL of your choice. In addition, individual slats in Duragrain or Decograin decors can be selected in the VarioDesign version. ***

2) Silkgrain

The silk-smooth Silkgrain surface is the first choice in modern architecture thanks to its noble goal view. In addition, the 50% thicker outer sheet gives the slats a higher stability and even better smooth running. This interface is available in Traffic white RAL 9016, in
15 preferential colours
or in
RAL by election
. Additionally, in the version VarioDesign individual lamellas can be chosen in Duragrain or Decograin decorations. ***
Decograin Golden Oak, medium brown, golden yellow oak decoration

3) Decograin

The Decograin surface with UV-resistant, high-quality plastic film coating gives your sectional door a detailed, distinctive wood look or a noble anthracite metallic elegance. You can choose from 5 natural wood decors and an elegant metallic decor.

* not for LPU 67 Thermo
Cherry

4) Duragrain

With the Duragrain surface with its detailed, natural and colourfast finish, you can choose from more than 30 decors such as a concrete, rust, wood, metal or natural stone look. The innovative digital printing process and a coating made of high-quality protective varnish ensure a permanently beautiful and scratch-resistant door view. Six decors are also available in a vertical design with vertical beading and longitudinal grace.

With the Duragrain digital printing, garage sectional doors LPU 42 with L-sicke can also be designed with individual torture motifs and designs