
Individually design loft doors

Make sure you have a real eye-catcher in your home

//



Hörmann loft doors are the perfect harmony of glass and steel. This connection ensures the modern and elegant design. The large-area glazing of the doors is made of 6 mm laminated safety glass, which can be designed as a clear glass as a matt glass on request. Tinted glazing and mirror glazing are also possible – for example, to create more privacy. All glazing is available without annoying castle boxes.

With their narrow profile view of only 76 mm for doors or 20 mm, the high-quality create a clear design in modern industrial style for fixed glazing. In the case of glass mesh, you can choose between angle glass holding strips or even more filigree glare strips Slim.

The modern loft doors can also be designed with an asymmetric rung layout in horizontal and vertical orientation, thus offering individual design options.


//

Glass bars 

1) Loft doors with angle glass storage

You want to set a more striking accent? Then loft doors with angle glass holding strips are the best choice. Thanks to their authentic design with visible bolting, they bring out the industrial style concisely.

2) Loft doors with glass strips Slim

If you attach great importance to an elegant and particularly narrow profile view, glare shelf strips Slim are the right choice. With a viewing width of only 15 mm, they give your loft door a particularly elegant and delicate door design without visible screw connections.

3) Loft doors with different color of door frames and glass strips

For an exciting contrast or to adapt to your facility, you can also design door frames and glazing strips in two colours. Choose the color of the door frame and those of the glass holding strips individually and let your loft door become a real unique piece.

//

Colours 



Our loft doors can be designed individually and according to your personal wishes. In the standard, the doors are made in deep black RAL 9005. In addition, you also have the option of choosing from 5 further preferred colours.
Your wish colour is not yet there?

No problem! You also receive the loft doors in RAL of your choice, NCS special colours as well as textured and pearl effect colours and create your very own style.


1) RAL 9005 Low black matt

2) RAL 9016 Transport white

3) CH 703 Anthracite metallic

4) RAL 7016 anthracite grey

5) RAL 9006 white aluminium

6) RAL 9007 Grey aluminium

7) RAL of your choice, NCS special colours as well as textured and pearl effect colours




