
The right material

Front doors made of aluminium, steel or glass

//

Front door is not the same door. The material in particular is crucial for product quality and durability and ensures the characteristic fineness of the door. The Hörmann product range includes front doors made of aluminium, a combination of steel and aluminium, and glass. Tailored to your individual requirements in terms of equipment and design, you will find the doorstep that suits you and your home. All remarks have one thing in common: the Hörmann quality promise. Thanks to perfectly coordinated and high-quality materials, we set high standards in terms of stability, safety, sound insulation and thermal insulation with our front doors.

//

1) Front doors made of aluminium

Our ThermoSafe aluminum front doors, , and ThermoCarbon offer a high burglary resistance with RC3 safety features as standard. They convince with efficient thermal insulation, very good sound insulation and numerous design options. In addition, they are particularly easy to care for and durable against the weather. The ThermoSafe Hybrid and ThermoPlan Hybrid models ensure a particularly high dimensional stability even with large temperature differences thanks to a stainless steel sheet with high powder coating on the outside door leaf. With aluminium front doors, you can rely on durability, high functionality and a high-quality design.


2) Front doors made of steel / aluminium

Front doors made of a combination of steel and aluminum, such as the Hörmann Door Doors Thermo65, score points with high durability and optional RC2 safety feature. They have good thermal insulation, are easy to clean and, compared to aluminium doors, less price.

3) Glass front doors

Front doors made of glass, such as the Hörmann front door TopComfort, ensure with large-area glazing and aluminium frames for light-flooded home entrances and are ideal for apartment buildings or commercial entrances. They have very good sound insulation values, good thermal insulation properties and ensure the necessary burglary protection with optional safety equipment.