
Suitable accessories for every application

An equipment house according to your wishes


What would the perfect store be without the appropriate accessories ? The Hörmann equipment houses can be easily equipped individually with clever solutions inside and outside. This is not only the look right, but also the functionality.

1) Roof frame for green roof

All Berry appliance houses with a pitched roof and gable roof can be equipped with a roof frame to prepare for green roof. For more biodiversity in your own garden!

2) Leaves cover

A foliage cover prevents leaves from penetrating into the gutter and clogging it. With this simple solution, you save time and effort, especially in credible environments. The foliage cover is optionally available for appliance cabins with pitch tower and gable roof.

3) Stainless steel pusher set

At your request, a high-quality stainless steel pusher set is available. And optionally, even a cylinder lock for a locking system can be retrofitted.

4) Vineyard bars

Your device house should be beautified with plants? Then we have a stable trellis for you in the offer, which can be easily attached to an outside wall of the device house.

5) Soil sleeper ramp (outside)

With the external floor sleeper ramp, wheelbarrow, lawn mowers or bicycles can be easily pushed into and out of the equipment house.

6) Soil sleep ramp (inside)

The floor sleeper ramp for the interior of the device house ensures easy pushing in and out.

7) Ventilation grilles

The ventilation grilles for the Berry equipment houses Classic Air and Classic Air Plus, which are equipped with ventilation cross-sections, ensure effective privacy. This keeps hidden which objects are inside the device house, while at the same time the natural ventilation is not affected.

8) Glazing

You want natural light in your device house? Then, on request, it can be easily supplemented with glazing elements with shatterproof plastic discs in the walls or doors.

9) Rain drain hose set

With the optionally available hose set, you can e.g. directly into a rain barrel.

10) Raincoff pipe

The rainfall pipe is available in a matching RAL colour of the device house.

11) Screw foundation

With the screw foundation, you can place your equipment house safely and stable on uneven floors without having to worry about an elaborate concrete foundation. 

12) Door locking

More comfort for your door: The door lock including gas spring ensures a safe detection of the door and automatic closing. So you always have your hands free.

13) Folding table set incl. Shelf holder set

The folding table set consists of a folding table and shelf strips for practical attachment to the inner walls.

14) Shelf set

The shelf set consists of two shelves and shelf strips for convenient attachment to the interior walls.

15) Corner rack

The corner shelf can be attached to the corners of the appliance house and allows a practical storage option. 

16) Device holder incl. Shelf bar

Broom, shovel and co. can be placed in the device holder. So they are always quickly at hand for the next use.

17) Tool holder

Always visible and quick: In the practical holder, the tools can be clearly stored.

18) Bicycle holder

Wheels of up to 40 kg can be found in the bracket.

19) Aluminium corrugated sheet base

Perfectly matched to the appliance house: The corrugated aluminium bottom is available as an option. This keeps the floor stainless and easily removes dirt.

20) Steel substructure for floors

The steel substructure for the floor ensures a stable substrate in the equipment house.

21) LED magnetic lamp

The perfect lighting should also be provided: Thanks to functional aluminium LED magnetic lamps with motion detectors, you also have all your devices in view when it is dark outside. 

